I want to talk about logistics, regression logistic, regression is a classic statistic will model for classification.  Basically, we take a multiple linear regression, where we have, our detent dependent variable is a function of many independent variables each with their own unique coefficient and intercept term. And we stuff that inside a logistic function function washes, the output of the winter model so that it remains between 0 and 1 affect. Only the output of logistic regression is a probability value of whether our inputs belong to classes zeros or class 1 or whatever, arbitrary pair of classes that you decide to feed into the model for the main points of convenience for the logistic regression is interpreter ability. The coefficient that we get out of logistic regression directly, quantifying the influence of each individual independent variable on the output as with a multiple linear regression.  In the case of a logistic regression, the parameter that you get out, you can exponentiate in order to get the odds ratio for that particular independent variable to basically if you hold everything else, the same the odds ratio tells you how much an increase in the output, probably you get with an increase in that independence variable. In order to pick which model you want to use, you can use a variety of traditional techniques node, is to select parameters for the model. This includes information criteria. Like AI CNN. Be I see which penalize additional parameters that don't add additional information. You can also use just plain accuracy percentage to see how many of the classes that the model predicts actually line up with the classes, in the observation is another method for classify as that, you can use, call the area, under the receiver, operator characteristic, curves or the a you Roc. The ROC Chi. Ram is a plot where you plot the false positive rate on the x axis versus the truth.  Positive rate of the model on the y-axis. You eventually end up getting this curve and you can take the area under it to determine how good your model is at differentiating thinking.  Generally a value of around the 0.8, is the area under that curve is a good Benchmark. If you're looking for a model, that can classify more than two classes. You can extend the logistic regression to AI multi node on your regression. Will you predict any of a number of different classes that's little bit beyond the scope of this video. But if you're looking for a basic classify, er, a logistic regression is a good place to start. 